[Nelson]
Are you so stupid that you don't
know what's going on here?
We're saying that if you're a
good boy and do what we say,
we'll let you go!
And I'm saying,
I don't need your help.
You two can just watch.
[Aurora] Wait!
Fine then! Kill him!
[blood splattering]
(chuckles)
I got you.
(intense music)
(Aurora gasping)
(inhales)
(music stops abruptly)
(chomp)
(intense music)
[Nelson] What in the...
[ripping]
[blood splatters]
(gasps)
(intense music)
(glass shattering)
(music ends)
(satisfied sigh)
(OPENING THEME)
[Nelson] (uncomfortable laugh)
How are you alive?
She stabbed you
through the gut!
As long as you
protect the vitals,
the human body is
surprisingly sturdy.
Even if you get stabbed
through the gut,
keep your arteries and
important organs safe,
it won't kill you.
Pretty neat, right?
Don't you think that's just
such a beautiful thing?
A beautiful thing?
[Nelson] What are you...
[Cid] Yes!
[Cid] You just protect your
vitals and it saves you
all the trouble of dodging
your enemy's attack.
Then, once you've been impaled
through the belly,
you can bite right into
the other guy's neck.
You're in position for a nearly
inescapable counterattack.
You know, I'm not so sure that
you have all of your marbles.
[Cid] So now what?
[Nelson] Huh?
[Cid] Your elf buddy is gone.
Is it safe to assume
I'll be fighting you next?
[Nelson] Wait!
I give in! I was wrong!
I'm sorry, all right?
Let's all just calm down here
and we can talk it out!
(electrical discharge)
Bet that's what you thought
I'd say, isn't it?
[Nelson]
I admit, I was a bit surprised
to see Olivier defeated
by some punk kid
who can't use his magic.
You were probably just lucky,
but nevertheless,
a win is a win.
Congratulations!
Thank you! Yay!
(growling)
Listen, all you did was beat
one inferior copy,
so don't pat yourself on the
back too hard just yet!
There is so much magical energy
lying dormant in the Sanctuary
that not even we can fathom it!
That means we can EVEN DO THIS!
(electrical discharge)
(intense orchestra music)
[Aurora] (gasp) This can't be.
[Nelson] This is the
power of the SANCTUARY!
A resurrected superhuman army?
Sorry.
(music stops abruptly)
Your time's up.
(electrical discharge)
(glass shattering)
(gasping)
What? How did you achieve that?
A solid mass of magical energy?
(choral music)
An artifact?
No, don't tell me it's slime?!
But how is it possible?
How can you use magic?
If using magic
gets it absorbed,
then I just have to temper the
magic until it's too solid.
It took a bit of time,
but it's really quite simple.
It's simple?
But that's just not possible
for a normal human being!
Olivier! Kill him!
Kill him now!
[Cid] Your moves are even
more tedious than before.
It's like fighting
a bunch of scarecrows!
Yes, yes! Just like that!
Kill him! Kill him!
I guess playtime is over then.
So, you said we
draw the holy sword,
cut the chains,
(Aurora gasps)
and destroy the magical core.
Is that right?
[Aurora] Um, yes.
Wait,
you're not really going to-
[Cid] It's such a pain to go
through each individual step.
We could just blast through
all of them at once.
Same result, right?
(intense orchestra music)
(whaaa)
(gasps)
How could he ever be
allowed this much power?
[Cid] I...
am...
the All-Range...
(music stops abruptly)
Atomic.
(blood splattering)
(elecrical discharge)
(explosion)
(ground rumbling)
(water splashing)
(explosion)
(water surging)
(mysterious music)
(wind blowing)
(chains rattling)
(birds chirping)
(leaves rustling)
[Aurora]
You even survived being
stabbed through the heart.
Oh, I used magic to pull my
heart over to the side.
And now I'm extremely tired.
You're just full of surprises.
I'm nowhere near as...
(Aurora gasps)
(sighs)
You're disappearing.
It appears so.
[Aurora] I am the one who
called you here.
I'm sorry for lying to you.
(gentle music)
[Cid] That's okay.
[Aurora] That's not the only
thing I lied about.
[Cid] That's okay.
For so long, all I wanted was
to disappear into nothing.
I wanted to forget everything.
But now, I've made one memory
that I don't want to forget.
Even if I do disappear,
I want to hold on
to this experience.
It's truly a precious memory.
Thank you, Cid.
I had a good time, too.
Thank you.
(sad violin music)
Remember, if you were to ever
stumble upon the real me...
Please...
(sad orchestra music)
(music trails out)
(birds chirping)
"Please"?
What we saw back there...
I'm guessing that it
must've been Shadow's...
[Rose] Alexia?
Doesn't it just kill you?
What do you mean?
[Alexia]
We couldn't do anything.
I thought I had accepted the
fact that I'm powerless,
but there's more
to it than that.
Who was right and
who was wrong?
I couldn't even judge
between good and evil.
All I could do was stand there
as a helpless spectator.
If I never learn anything else,
then I'm going to lose all the
things I care about
before I even know
they're in danger.
That's the feeling I get.
I've been doing a little
thinking as well.
Ever since the Academy
was attacked,
I've felt there must be
huge organizations
working in the shadows.
But we don't know anything,
not about Shadow Garden
or about the organization
they're at war with.
Then Princess Alexia,
what do you think?
I mean, do you have any ideas?
Unfortunately,
we're weak and we're ignorant.
But if the three of us
work together,
we should be able
to do something.
After all, I'm the princess
of the Midgar Kingdom,
and Rose is the princess
of the Oriana Kingdom,
and Natsume Kafka,
as an author,
surely you have a network of
connections you can use.
We'll work together to gather
all the information we can.
[Natsume] And what will you do
with the information we find?
That depends on what it is.
But I'm thinking maybe the
three of us can join forces.
Then we can recruit allies
and establish an HQ.
Would that work?
(sighs)
Not even a shred
of a solid plan.
Well, I said we'll gather
information first!
We'll analyze it and
THEN make a decision!
That would be nice,
IF you could analyze anything.
What did you just say to me?
Oh, nevermind.
[Alexia] So what do you say?
Are you with me, or aren't you?
Yes, I'll join you.
I don't have much to offer,
but I still do have
a bit of influence.
I'm in, too. I'll use my writing
connections to do some research.
(inspiring piano music)
That settles it, then.
We can now call
ourselves a team.
Even if one of us is from a
different kingdom and
social standing
and there's no telling what's
going on in her heart,
I choose to believe
we're on the same side.
Joining forces to expose
the truth of the world.
It's like we're in the
beginning of a legend.
We have the hero, the wise
woman, and the deadweight,
all present and accounted for.
(giggles)
You're calling YOURSELF
the deadweight, right?
[Epsilon] The Sanctuary
has been obliterated.
[Alpha] Yes.
Has the holy sword
been recovered?
[Epsilon]
The holy sword was vaporized.
Any samples from
the magical core?
[Epsilon] Also vaporized.
In this particular situation,
it was the easiest way
to handle things.
That's so like him.
After all, Lord Shadow
is the only one
who could have accomplished it.
The path that he treads upon is
the path that we walk as well.
And what of Beta?
[Epsilon]
She is guiding the princesses.
If she plays her cards right,
she'll infiltrate
their inner circles.
[Alpha] Then it's going well.
[Epsilon] Yes.
Now the other matter.
[Alpha] Go on.
[Epsilon] It appears our
theory was correct.
Aurora, the Witch of Calamity,
has another name:
The Demon Diablos.
(ominous music)
[Alpha] I see.
So that's why he...
[Alpha]
Our next performance will be
the Royal Capital of Midgar.
Make sure to be ready.
[Epsilon] Yes.
Shall I report to Lord Shadow?
[Alpha]
No need. He knows everything.
(mysterious music)
(rain falling steadily)
[Rude] I personally recommend
this property, Ms. Luna.
It faces out onto
the main road,
it gets plenty of sunlight,
and it boasts a wide frontage.
Including the land,
it's worth 140 million zeni,
but I'll give you
a special discounted rate
of only 120 million.
We would very much love
to have Mitsugoshi, Ltd.
open a second store
here in the Velgalta Empire.
I can see that.
But we have to consider the
reconstruction projects
in the Sacred Land
after that disaster.
But look at it! Prime property
for only 120 million!
Oh yes, prime property.
Still on the market despite its
exceptionally low price.
B-but can't you see that's
only in the short-term?
All we need is for a place
like Mitsugoshi to open
and the city of Madlid
will thrive!
Even I've heard about
Mitsugoshi in the Velgalta
Imperial Capital,
and my humble domain is out
in the middle of nowhere!
We need a Mitsugoshi
here in Madlid!
Our future depends on it!
I'll make it 100 million zeni!
And I'll throw in priority
use of the warehouses
and temporary reduction
measures on all taxes.
The survey has been completed.
(Rude continues sales pitch)
[Gamma] Conclusion?
[Nu] It will work.
-And the liquid?
-No doubt about it.
[Nu] It's petroleum.
(Rude continues sales pitch)
(giggles)
So I humbly beg you!
Please turn our poor slum-
I-I mean, our shopping district-
[Gamma] I'll take it.
Uh, come again?
Our company is prepared to buy
every single property
on this street.
[Rude]
I'm sorry, what did you say?
If you are willing
to accept our terms,
then we will
redevelop this city
and make it the most magnificent
city in all of Velgalta.
That is what I said.
Are you willing to expand
the Nyle River's tributaries
and build a canal?
I want you to buy up every
notable piece of property
along the Nyle River.
[girl] Right away.
Everyone, get ready.
It's time for the
real estate bubble.
(wind howling)
(penguins squeaking)
(light buzzing)
[Beta] That reminds me.
Where's Delta?
[Chi] She hasn't come back yet.
[Beta] Do you think she's
still at the Sacred Land?
(howling)
[Omega] Should we send
someone to get her?
[Epsilon]
I wouldn't worry about it.
She'll be back
when it gets cold.
(bright piano music)
What do you think?
Um, yeah.
A very familiar
architectural style,
right here in another world.
[Alpha]
Wood frame construction.
We couldn't have
done it without
the building techniques
you taught us.
[Cid] Is that so?
[Alpha]
Our temporary base is complete.
Now the girls can begin their
training in earnest.
[Cid] You're really going
to train them, too?
[Alpha]
Yes, it's bound to be necessary.
If we're going to fight
the Cult of Diablos,
we're going to need to enhance
our individual strengths
as we expand our operations.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
That is how
the story would work.
Besides, they want the power
to fight against the Cult
once and for all.
[Cid]
Really? Then allow me to impart
a portion of my wisdom to them.
I will give them the power to
stay true to their convictions
in the darkest of shadows.
After all,
kids living all on their own
will at least need to know some
self-defense techniques.
[Gamma] Lady Alpha...
We received a message
from the Oriana Kingdom.
They have informed us that the
Royal Chancellor Perv Asshat
has set out to visit the
Royal Capital of Midgar.
Chancellor Perv Asshat...
So it begins.
(rain falling steadily)
[Iris] Then it's true.
[Alexia] Yes,
we have no choice but to place
the entire Church of the Divine
Teachings under suspicion.
The murdered archbishop,
the man who killed him
and took his place
as acting archbishop...
They both belonged to the Cult.
But I don't know
anymore than that.
The evidence has
been covered up.
And we can't even find a way to
get back into the place
they call the Sanctuary!
A facility of that
size and scale
couldn't possibly
be kept hidden
without considerable influence
in the public sphere.
[Iris] And if we were looking
for an organization
that actually has that kind
of power and influence...
Forget diplomacy!
We need to investigate
the Divine Teachings!
If we tie this to the
incident at the capital
and say we want to
find the cause,
even they can't brush us-
[Iris] I have suggested the
same thing to Father.
I mean, His Majesty.
But he always gives me
the same answer:
"Don't make a move."
[Alexia] What? But...
[Iris]
It's what I expect from his
"don't rock the boat" policies.
Considering the upcoming
visit of King Oriana,
ruler over one of
our allied nations,
he doesn't wanna cause trouble,
especially against the Church.
Doesn't want undue trouble?
If we're going to
spur him to action,
we'll need to find
clear evidence
or show that we have
power to overcome
any difficulty that
comes to the kingdom.
In that sense, it's fortunate
that the Bushin Festival
is being held this year.
The Bushin Festival?!
[Iris] The title of repeat
winner of the Bushin Festival
will be the best thing to win
more backing from the
Knight Order.
And if I bring our nation
the glory of victory
in an international tournament,
then the people's support
will be rock solid.
And when that happens,
His Majesty AND
his entire council
will be forced to hear
what I have to say.
[Alexia] But Iris,
what if Shadow Garden
or the Cult of Diablos starts
plotting something again?
They have been secretly
operating behind the scenes
at every major event
there's been.
They could be at the
Bushin Festival, too!
Alexia...
You have nothing to worry about.
I don't care what kind of
powerful artifacts
they have at their disposal.
My sword will not be defeated.
Listen to me, Iris!
Artifacts aren't
the only weapons
they have in their arsenal!
[Iris] You were there.
You saw the magical light
that engulfed the capital.
No human being can produce
that kind of power.
The only explanation is that it
was caused by an artifact
housing enormous
magical energy,
like what happened
at the Academy.
[Alexia]
Iris, Shadow's power is...
[Iris]
Besides, I saw it myself.
I saw them sending an
artifact out of control.
Yes, I saw it.
(growls)
Iris, hear what I'm saying.
[Iris] Either way,
I cannot run from this.
If they appear at
the Bushin Festival,
we merely have to defeat them.
Not just the Cult,
but also Shadow Garden.
(Alexia sighs)
Oh, by the way, Alexia,
might I ask you
why you went after them
at the Sacred Land?
[Alexia] (gasps)
I only authorized you
to audit the archbishop.
You were to do nothing else.
When did I tell you to follow
a suspicious organization
and barge into
mysterious locations?
W-well, I didn't exactly follow
them because I wanted to.
Please understand, I...
You see, it was an
emergency evacuation,
or perhaps
willful negligence...
Oops! I think I'm
getting lightheaded!
I'm off to the cold water bath!
(door shuts)
(sighs)
My Crimson Knights lost their
strongest members
so soon after they
were organized,
and I see no hope
of rebuilding.
The Knight Order used to
give me their support,
but even they are
skeptical of me now.
I insisted on taking
their best knights
and I just let them die.
Of course they hate me.
I have to win the tournament.
I'll show them my power
and cut open a path.
It's my only choice.
Like before...
(snap)
(gasp)
Huh?
(snap)
Hmm?
(rain falling steadily)
(deep breath)
No...
His fencing that day...
That beautiful fencing, I...
(single heartbeat)
(gasps)
(gasp)
(rain continues falling)
(ENDING THEME)